---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-11-08
labels:
  - Me
---
My programming skills have greatly improved.
Since the start of my class, I would have to agree that my programming skills have greatly improved. I think that the main reason for this is becuase now I can kind of game plan what I want to do. By knowning what I want to try to achieve, it allows me to reasearch and review what I need to do beforehand.

I am enthusiastic about programming.
Yes, I am enthusiastic about programming. It is very challenging and sometimes requires research, but I think it a nice challenge to.

I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions.
For ths most part, I can kind of do this. I can pretty much finish the WODs after 1 or 2 attempts, but I like to watch the screencast afterwards to make sure I did everything correctly.

The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.
Yes. I am able to complete the labs with confidence. However, there are some cases where I need to go back and review the recordings to make sure that I understand the concepts correctly.

I feel ready to move to the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications).
This is a maybe. For example in Assignment 1, I kept on trying different things and I had to search up on the internet different methods to perform what I wanted to do. 

I think the class can be improved to help my learning.
Not really. I think that I am getting everything that is being taught.

There are things that work really well my learning in this class.
Yes. I really liked the zoom recordings. They helped when I was having issues with the Assignments. 
