---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-11-23
labels:
  - Me
---
In Assignment 2, we were told to build off of Assignment 1. This included fixing previous mistakes and greating a login and registration page.  
More information can be found here: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html

What did you learn from this assignment?
I learned that it is very difficult to pass the data from one page to another. It took me a long time to figure out what would be the best way to pass along this data. However, after some digging and testing, I was able to eventually figure out a method

Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
I did not work a partner for this assignment.

How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
For the most part, when I was stuck on something, I would try to look at the labs. By that point, I was able to get some type of general idea of what I was trying to do. Afterwards, I would try to look for some type of documentation that can further elaborate on what I would like to do.

How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
The difference between Assignment 1 and Assignment 2 is that Assignmnet 2 required more time making everything mesh together. Assignment 1 all that you mostly had to do was to make everything forward to another page.

Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
I probably spent 50% of the time thinking about how to do something, 15% writing the code, and 35% testing and debugging the website.

Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
Something that worked well was that I was able to quickly understand the concept to move to the login and registration pages. It only took me two takes to complete all of this. However, something that did not work well as my data validation. I had a lot of weird issues. Eventually I had to write everyhting out one by one to see what everything was supposed to do.

If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
I would definetly make my data validation my first priority. It probably took the most amout of time thinking about and debugging.
